possible fonts:
	ceraPro Black
	work-sans
	gordita-400
	trade-gothic-lt-bold


1. Welcome:
	"Turning boring old newspaper type websites 
	into interactive displays of how awesome you're product really is."

	LionCoded
	Hey I'm Daniel Barenboim, a full-stack developer.
	I spend most of my time writing simple lines of text that translate into immersive web-browsing experiences. With a well rounded foundation in both backend and frontend development, as well as a huge passion for all things programming, there's no limit to what we can create. 


2. WhoWhatWhy:
	Section 1: Full-Stack Developer
		Front-end
			Designing a website that people will remember takes finesse.
			There are millions of websites out there but few really stand out in our minds.
			Through an elegant combination of CSS and Javascript, I break away from simple newspaper-like pages and create something more akin to a short movie or virtual reality experience. Although this was once difficult to do, by keeping up with the latest technologies and tools, which drastically improve year after year, I am able to deliver something truly incredulous.

			My objective is to change that by designing an immersive experience that people not only enjoy, but are eager to share with others. 


		Backend

			Behind the curtain, is the code needed for the user to interact with the page.
			Whether this is a contact form, online store, or event-signup, a well-built database is essential.
			With Ruby, an object-oriented programming language, and the many tools it offers, I am able to design a truly brilliant backend architecture.
			Why stop at functionality? Using relational databases such as MySql, and PostgresQL, we can better organize, sort, and display all incoming information, saving you and your company a great deal of time. As of late, MongoDB seems to be all the rage, offering a more versatile architecture significant improvement in query performance over SQL.

			Many people ask me, why do we need a backend? What actually goes on behind that curtain?


	Section 2: Mobile Applications
		Mobile App Store (no websites allowed)
		Reusable JavaScript (highly efficient)

	Section 3: Scalability and Security
		Rarely hear about
		Pentesting enthusiast
		ransomware proof
		fully responsive designs


3. Projects:
	DigitalDesign
		Eye-candy for designers.
		Too often I would stumble upon some new captivating design and save it to my bookmarks.
		After doing this for quite some time, I realized I had hundreds of design ideas bookmarked or saved to my computer but no efficient way to organize them and visualize each without individually going to each one.
		DigitalDesign is a website I created to solve this problem. It combines a simple UI with a database of the most interesting design ideas that I have seen. With this web app, I am able to easily sort (by tag) and get a quick glimpse at the design idea without having to delve into it.  
	
	24HourHealth
		The elixir for good health. Simple, easy, delicious.
		Healthy habits are hard and take time to form. With all the vitamins and minerals out there, it's hard to obtain everything while living a rigorous working lifestyle, not to mention if you have kids.
		24HourHealth was created with all this in mind. Taking all that your body needs daily and serving it to you in a 2oz shot. What really makes this product special is the all natural, non-gmo, vegan ingredients used.

	FireWater
		Long ago, in the times before Uber Eats and Amazon drone delivery, there was FireWater. An alcohol delivery service that made it fast and easy to get inebriated. Whether you were running out of drinks to serve at your luxury gala or simply out of booze at a get-together, FireWater was here to deliver.
		FireWater, the alcohol delivery service that makes life better by keeping you away from the wheel while getting all the finest spirits and liquors. 

	NBA Mobile App
		What makes an NBA allstar? Is it their score? How many opportunities they create for teammates?
		Perhaps it's a delicate combination of both. With this app, you can discover the player who scored the most baskets in one game. Find the player who has been most helpful to their teammates. Or just view the stats from the last game. It's all here.

	SocialSync
		A way to manage the minor details surrounding your social life. Where was that vacation to that Jenny and Tom took last year? What day is Alexandra's birthday? Who was an expert on wine? 
		With a direct and simple user interface(UI), searching for any of these answers takes no more than seconds!
		Franklin mentally reflected upon his day, every night. 
		SocialSync allows you to do it more efficiently and have a record of it all.










JavaScript Profiency
	Sure, HTML and CSS help construct the webpages but JavaScript breathes the life into them. With JS, we turn a dull book-like page into an experience that will leave a lasting impression.

	Being my favorite programming language, I am constantly up to date with the latest frameworks and libraries in javaScript. I've discovered some amazing capabilities during my time experimenting, such as the ability to create desktop applications using the Ionic framework and even mobile apps, using React Native. 

	JavaScript is the da Vinci of computer languages. What was once simply a web coding language has now opened the doors into desktop and mobile application design. Using the latest frameworks like Ionic, a JavaScript engineer can now create applications for the desktop. With React Native, mobile apps for Apple or Android!


Mobile App Development (Apple or Android)
	No more settling for "mobile web apps", "HTML5 apps", or a "hybrid app".

	React Native lets us build mobile apps indistinguishable from an app built using Objective-C/Swift (for Apple) or Java (for Android). It uses the same design as React, which allows for code to be moved from web to mobile efficiently while retaining the same rich user interface.








Security and Scalability Oriented
	Responsive design has you covered whether you plan to build for desktop, laptop, tablet, or any other device. Scalible design patterns ensure that each user gets an enriched experience, regardless of the device they are using.

	Security is largely overlooked by most companies because it rarely affects the user experience...until it does. Having seen how much money security breaches can cost, I understood it was an important but largely neglected issue in development.

	Starting a project with these two aspects in mind allows for optimal coding and lots of time saved down the line.


Project Management
	Using the Agile Development Lifecycle to ensure efficiency and constant improvement in the work-flow process is largely important but not everything. 
	Real challenges arise when you incorporate international professionals in fields such as graphic design or video editing. Luckily, I've dealt with these circumstances before and learned how to maximize the potential of these dealings.

	Experience as a lead developer has given me a great deal of insight on how to effectively and efficiently approach project management. By leveraging the Agile Development Lifecycle, I am often able to increase weekly performance and use daily reports to identify bottlenecks that might be slowing workflow down. 

	Producing a Web Application on time and within budget requires a great deal of coordination between the various roles involved.
	Leveraging the Agile Development Lifecycle has, on more than one occassion, provided the ability to break any size project down into smaller and workable chunks.














Cutting Edge Skills
	JavaScript Proficiency
		-Favorite Language
		-Knowledge of all the latest Frameworks and Syntax's including ES6 & ES7
		-Exploring the ability to build desktop apps using Ionic
		-Three.JS library for extreme graphics

	React & React Native
		-Facebooks very own library for complex apps
		-React Native gives the ability to create a sophisticated mobile app without using Java  or Objective-C. 

	Ruby & Rails
		-First language I started with
		-Experience with latest version of Ruby on Rails 5

	Database Creation and Management
		-PostgreSql, MySql, and Sql 
		-MongoDB and Mongoose non-relational database(noSQL database)

	HTML/CSS
		- Up-to-date with the latest changes in HTML5
		- Leveraging Flex-box and responsive media to enhance pages

	Project Management
		-Trained in the Agile Software Development Lifecycle
		-Experience in a Lead Developer Role at a national enterprise
		-Time spent managing third party/external resources

The Network
	Graphic Designer
	Video Editor
	PHP Developer
	JavaScript Guru

Extras:
	Proficient in Git / GitHub
	Accomodated with Agile Methodology
	Linux & CLI knowledge
	Experience with Photoshop
